Navigation restructuring (#403)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/core-concepts/integrations.md

      <a href="/integrations/banking/overview">See our banking integrations →</a>
    </p>    
  </li>
  <li className="card">
    <div className="header">
      <img
        src="/img/wp-icons/Storefront.png"
        className="mini-icon"
      />
      <h3>Commerce</h3>
    </div>
    <p>
      Pull up-to-date ecommerce, payment and point-of-sale data from your customers' commerce software using Codat's standard commerce data model.
    </p>
    <p>
      <a href="/integrations/commerce/overview">See our commerce integrations →</a>
    </p>    
  </li>
  <li className="card">
    <div className="header">
      <img
        src="/img/wp-icons/Frame-3805.png"
        className="mini-icon"
      />
      <h3>Bank feeds</h3>
    </div>
    <p>
      Allow accounting software users to easily reconcile bank transactions against accounting entries for our bank feeds integrations.
    </p>
    <p>
      <a href="/integrations/bankfeeds/overview">see our Bank feeds integrations →</a>
    </p>    
  </li>
  <li className="card">
    <div className="header">
      <img
        src="/img/wp-icons/Files.png"
        className="mini-icon"
      />
      <h3>File upload</h3>
    </div>
    <p>

>       Codat's file upload integrations allow your customers to share any documentation you require them to provide. This may include personal identity documents, pitch decks, contracts, or files with accounting and banking data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Enable your customers to share any documentation you require them to provide. This may include personal identity documents, pitch decks, contracts, or files with accounting and banking data.
```
